=======================================
Main Idea
=======================================
The What
An interactive visual novel game that follows an alchemist trying to get out of an abandoned tower. There will be different endings (or none at all) depending on how someone plays the game. There will also be some rooms to explore, and some things to be found that will aid the player in their journey. To store these things, there will be an inventory. Some pieces of paper will be sprawled here and there, which will contain some “alchemy” lessons that will increase chances of survival or power up some weapons. These weapons may be used to overcome some monsters that will attack the player. There will be the option to save the game at certain checkpoints, so that the player does not have to start all over again.

The Why
On top of my checklist for this project was to include as much as possible: the Javascript lessons that we learned. Staring at the list for a while, I concluded that a game was likely to effectively use almost all of them. And, since visual novels and chemistry have grabbed my attention lately, I decided to merge them together. I did not want the game to have a modern and realistic vibe, so I went with alchemy. This also gave me the opportunity to make up lots of stuff.

The How
I will be using Javascript (i.e, p5js). I might need to modify the CSS file as well, though I am not quite certain of that as of now. The artwork will either be from the internet or generated by AI (I will credit all of it, both in-game and in the directory). The sound will also not be mine, and will be similarly credited. The project will have its own directory on Github, and the structure will consist of MULTIPLE javascript files, each having its own purpose (e.g, sets, characters, dialogue). The main file will be eponymously named ‘main’. I will make a copy of this proposal (after it has been approved), will name it Progress, and continue editing that as the timeline progresses.



=======================================
Taught Concepts used
=======================================
Shapes
User interactions (MousePress, MouseWheel, KeyPressed, etc)
2D Arrays
Loops
Nested loops
State, Global, Local Variables
Map and Lerp
Random and Perlin
Images and sound
Objects and Classes



=======================================
Might Use
=======================================
Recursion
Transformations (Translate, rotate, scale, push/pop)
3D Canvas



=======================================
New Concepts implemented
=======================================
External libraries
Saving program state
Fullscreen



=======================================
Features
=======================================
  Required                                                            Preferred
------------                                                        --------------
A storyline                                                         Difficulty settings
Dialogue boxes for storyline                                        Going back to a checkpoint
Instructions menu that explains all the keys                        Loading screen
3 sets                                                              Options for fullscreen and turning sound off
Character Selection (3 options)                                     Character Customization
An inventory                                                        10 more sets
Music + Sound effects                                               Better graphics
Alchemy lessons
Simple battles
Saved progress


=======================================
Timeline
=======================================

### November ###
1-19    - ...
20      - Submit Proposal?
21-23   - Storyline
24-25   - Instructions menu
26-28   - Character Design
29-DEC  - Inventory


### December ###
NOV-2   - Inventory done
2-6     - Set
7-10    - Dialogue
11-13   - Lessons
14-19   - Battles
19-20   - Sound effects
21-24   - Save Progress
25-26   - Difficulty Settings
27-30   - Checkpoint
31      - Loading screen done


### January ###
1       - Full screen + Mute done
2-7     - Character customization
8-9     - Buffer day
10-13   - Presentation done
14-16   - Any finishing
17-20   - Project Testing
21-31   - ...




